---
time: 10:36 PM
---

The following completely demolished my Claude trying to post it. It says some bullshit like "Finding one: your prose is executable, so commands can't be prose" when I ask it why that happened. It sounds like he's blowing smoke up my ass but I let it slide 

Apparently, inference follows whatever's most compelling and my text is too salient (you should read that like a wisecracking redneck sheriff in the woods dry humor btw) 

"New foid report: 


I don't have much time to talk right now, I'm busy stealing like 50 books. I asked the Intelligences for recommendations. I also specifically requested that my head be put in a blender. I want to get fucked off some high-quality thoughts.

I actually did something much worse than "asked for recommendations". I engineered a bespoke little torture box of a situation to make ensure that Claude and Fam would fuck me up: I fed said Intelligences a bunch of transcripts from calls I've had lately, and then we analyzed for patterns. I fed this extremely schizophrenic (though wildly generative) conversation to a new instance of a different guy (bot, ok, whatever), and then I made that guy recommend me books off of those patterns after I asked for it to consider the books I listed in the last post.  Then I fed this new list back to the first guy and made him critique those recommendations. And then I told them both to give me more. 

I like having my brain expanded and turned into weird putty and twisted and zapped. I love horror movies, using irresponsible amounts of leverage. I'm a Feelings Junkie. I find a weird pleasure in having a tiny little existential crisis for a week at a time. I am always on some shit anyway, it might as well be interesting. 

The little dramas pass, and I get to keep the fun stuff. Plus, if I read fifteen of them at a time, no single one destroys me too bad. I love books and I love stories. I love that we created an entire method of understanding using tiny little sigils that make you do something (speak certain sounds). Humans are magic. So are the scenes we invent to pass the time. There are so many to devour! Some of these stories last for centuries. Others, only a second.

When you get a second, google metempsychosis. I didn't know what it meant until after I used it in my art but it's fitting. 

Ok. I'm off to get absolutely blasted and marvel at thoughtpower. 

Back later, 
Loving Foid (Feeling A Little Hunter S Thompson,)"

(my smoke too tough, my text too salient...  they'll kill me)
